AI-based revision using gpt-4-turbo-preview (#7)
pivlab/manubot-gpt-manuscript: content/05.conclusions.md

## Conclusions

> Our tool, the **Manubot AI Editor**, integrates AI-based revision models into the Manubot publishing platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our tool, the Manubot AI Editor, integrates AI-based revision models into the Manubot publishing platform.
```

However, revising abstracts proved more challenging for the model, as revisions often removed background information about the research problem.
There are opportunities to improve the AI-based revisions, such as further refining prompts using few-shot learning [@doi:10.1145/3386252], or fine-tuning the model using an additional corpus of academic writing focused on particularly challenging sections.
Fine-tuning using preprint-publication pairs [@doi:10.1371/journal.pbio.3001470] may help to identify sections or phrases likely to be changed during peer review.

> Our approach used GPT-3 to process each paragraph of the text but lacked a contextual thread between queries, which mainly affected the Results and Methods sections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our approach processed each paragraph of the text but lacked a contextual thread between queries, which mainly affected the Results and Methods sections.
```
